People keep asking me how and why I have
so many petrified oak slabs in my super
flat world. It all started 13 years ago
when I first decided to try out super
flat survival. The first thing I did was
run to the closest village and begin
looting all the resources there. Then
once I had some basic stone tools, I
began digging a giant circle in the
ground which would eventually become my
main base to this day. But when I
reached the bedrock layer, I encountered
a big problem. Mobs were spawning
everywhere. And since at the time you
needed a light level of seven to prevent
them, I would have had to spam torches
all over the place to fix it. So
instead, I covered the bedrock with
wooden slabs to prevent the mob spawns.
But right around that time, Mojang
decided to expand the world height from
128 to 256. This meant that for the
first time, you could actually build on
the roof of the Nether. And since it was
completely dark up there, mobs would
spawn absolutely everywhere, and you
would barely get any mobs below the
Nether roof. Now, Mojang could have just
made it so that mobs can't spawn above
the roof of the Nether. But instead,
they did something much cooler. They
made it so that mobs can't spawn on
bedrock instead, meaning that you could
still build mob farms on the Nether roof
out of different blocks. And [music]
more importantly, it meant that I no
longer needed my half slab floor. So, I
ripped it all out and put the slabs into
these chests for safekeeping. They're
fireproof and are broken with a pickaxe
instead of an axe, so they're pretty
cursed. Eventually, Mojang changed the
way that wooden slabs work in the game,
and these slabs became petrified oak
slabs. For a long time, they didn't even
have a proper texture. Do you guys have
any idea what I should do with these